<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/59d9d8cb27ee005972000045/train/javascript target="_blank">Catalog</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><p>You are given a <em>small</em> extract of a catalog:</p><pre><code>s = "&lt;prod&gt;&lt;name&gt;drill&lt;/name&gt;&lt;prx&gt;99&lt;/prx&gt;&lt;qty&gt;5&lt;/qty&gt;&lt;/prod&gt;&lt;prod&gt;&lt;name&gt;hammer&lt;/name&gt;&lt;prx&gt;10&lt;/prx&gt;&lt;qty&gt;50&lt;/qty&gt;&lt;/prod&gt;&lt;prod&gt;&lt;name&gt;screwdriver&lt;/name&gt;&lt;prx&gt;5&lt;/prx&gt;&lt;qty&gt;51&lt;/qty&gt;&lt;/prod&gt;&lt;prod&gt;&lt;name&gt;table saw&lt;/name&gt;&lt;prx&gt;1099.99&lt;/prx&gt;&lt;qty&gt;5&lt;/qty&gt;&lt;/prod&gt;&lt;prod&gt;&lt;name&gt;saw&lt;/name&gt;&lt;prx&gt;9&lt;/prx&gt;&lt;qty&gt;10&lt;/qty&gt;&lt;/prod&gt;...</code></pre><p>(<code>prx</code> stands for <code>price</code>, <code>qty</code> for <code>quantity</code>) and an article i.e "saw".</p><p>The <code>function catalog(s, "saw")</code> returns the line(s) corresponding to the articlewith <code>$</code> before the prices:</p><pre><code>"table saw &gt; prx: $1099.99 qty: 5\nsaw &gt; prx: $9 qty: 10\n..."</code></pre><p>If the article is not in the catalog return "Nothing".</p><h4 id="notes">Notes</h4><ul><li><p>There is a blank line between two lines of the catalog.</p></li><li><p>The same article may appear more than once. If that happens return all the lines concerned by the article (in the same order as in the catalog; however see below a note for Prolog language).</p></li><li><p>The line separator of results may depend on the language <code>\n</code>or <code>\r\n</code>.In <strong>Pascal</strong> <code>\n</code> is replaced by <code>LineEnding</code>.</p></li><li><p>in Perl use "£" instead of "$" before the prices.</p></li><li><p>You can see examples in the "Sample tests".</p></li></ul><h4 id="note-for-prolog-language">Note for Prolog language</h4><ul><li><p>If the article is not in the catalog then R equals "".</p></li><li><p>R substrings (separated by "\n") must be in alphabetic order.</p></li></ul>